(bright music)
(keyboard clacking)
In this video, we're gonna go ahead and download
the Java Development Kit, also known as the JDK.
We're gonna do that on a Mac computer.
Now, if you're running Windows or a Linux machine,
you want to check out the separate video
that I've created for each of those operating systems,
and that's because the process
is slightly different for each operating system.
So this is the Mac video,
so if you're on a,
if you're actually on a Mac, you're in the right place.
So we're going to start off there by opening a browser
and we're going to go to java.oracle.com,
and Oracle is the name of the company
that own the Java product.
Once you get to that page, you can come down here
to Technologies, click on Java SE,
which stands for Standard Edition.
When that pages loads, click on Downloads.
That'll bring you to this page.
We're going to click on this little image here
to download the JDK.
Now you'll get a page that opens up and it will say
Java SE Development Kit, as you can see here,
and you'll choose the version that's showing.
So, at the moment, it says Java SE Development Kit 8u144.
144 is the release number.
Now, Oracle actually update this on a regular basis,
so this number will change over time.
It will certainty change from the date
that I've recorded this video,
so long as you're on this page though,
you can just grab whatever version
that is currently available.
Now the other thing that we need to do is to look over here,
to the right over where it says Mac OS X,
and click on this link here.
And unless you come up,
if you haven't clicked on already,
just accept Licence Agreement.
It'll remind you you need to do that,
so click that radio button there and come over here again.
Click it and this time it should download.
Now I'm not going to actually download this on my computer,
and you can see that I've already done this in the past,
but just for the purposes of doing it again,
I'm going to do the same thing and just save it again.
And you can see it downloading
in the left-hand bottom corner.
So I'm gonna pause the video 'til that's finished.
Can see it's finished there,
I just need to click on here and click on Open,
or depending on the browser you're using,
you might need to navigate
to the folder where you downloaded the product.
You'll get this little pop-up,
you double-click this now to start the installation.
And you click on Continue, click on Instal.
It'll come up and ask you for your password,
so enter your details.
It'll go ahead and actually do the installation for us.
Click on Close,
and forget that option and click on Move to Trash,
'cause we've actually finished with that now.
We're gonna close that down.
And I can close the browser down and so that's it.
We've now installed the Java Development Kit on a Mac.
I'll see you in the next video.